SALESMAN doesn't like flying. He's a cop. MCCLANE has been doing it for eleven years.
TAKAGI congratulates each and every one of the Nakatomi corporation's employees on the success of the Christmas party. It's 6:40 on Christmas Eve. Ginny is going to join the party.
LUCY is coming home soon. She will be in bed when she gets there. Mrs. Holly will put Paulina on the phone. John, JR. and Mr. McClane will come home with her.
Argyle is driving a limo for the first time. MCCLANE is a New York cop and wants to move to California. Argyle's girlfriend is moving from New York to California and wants him to move with her. MccLANE's girlfriend had a good job in New York and she moved here.
ARGYLE will pick MCCLANE up from the party and take him to a hotel. He will leave his bags inside at the desk.
MCCLANE is on the thirtieth floor, on the express elevator. Holly McClane is a toy.
MCCLANE was looking for John McClane. Holly Gennero made a flight from California to Japan. John and his wife, Holly, are celebrating a double celebration with Ellis and TAKAGI.
MCCLANE has a spare bedroom in Ramona's house. She will stay there with Pomona.
Kareem rebounds, feeds Worthy on the break, over to A.C., to Magic, back to Worthy in the lane and to Theo.
MCCLANE is on the phone with Argyle.
ARGYLE wants to know the status of John and his lady.
ARGYLE'S VOICE is making fun of the fact that the vote is not in yet.
ARGYLE wants John to call Mr. Mac.
_sent_trans_cons_label_2.csv.
MCCLANE is in a bad place.
Hans Gruber is about to teach Nakatomi Corporation a lesson on real power.
MCCLANE is talking about 32 construction, 33 computers and 32 construction workers.
HANS likes John Philips suit. He has two of them himself.
Hans is going to give Mr. Takagi a code to open the central computer of NAKATOMI CORPORATION. He is interested in 640 million dollars in negotiable bearer bonds in the vault.
ARGYLE is working hard and will be by later to pick her up. Her boss thinks she's cruising to Palm Springs. It will take 30 minutes to break the code and two hours for the five mechanicals to break it. The seventh lock is out of my hands. If out plan works, the FBI will get rid of it for them.
911 DisPATCHER Main Wilshire units. There is a fire at Nakatomi Plaza.
MCCLANE is going to kiss his dalmatian.
Eddie's alarm went off. The fire has been called off. Eddie should call 911, give them Eddie's badge number and cancel the alarm. Eddie is a policeman.
MCCLANE wanted this to be professional, efficient, adult, cooperative. Mr. Takagi didn't see it that way, so he won't be joining them for the rest of his life. Franco, Fritz and Fritz will take the body upstairs and out of sight.
MCCLANE, KARL, HANS, ELLIS and HOLLY are looking for John. John is 3000 miles away.
Terrorists have seized Nakatomi building and are holding 30 or more hostages.
MCCLANE'S VOICE is on the roof of Nakatomi, Century City. There is an unknown number of terrorists, six or more, armed with automatic weapons.
DISPATCHER It's the same address as that fire signal. MCCLANE will handle the false alarm.
KARL No one kills him but her.
MCCLANE has killed one hostage and they are fortifying their positions. He wants the police to send them back.
SUPERVISOR has a black-and-white drive-by ad.
CLERK thought you guys just ate donuts. They're for Adam Ten's wife. She's pregnant. One Adam Ten will investigate code two at Nakatomi Plaza, Century City.
DISPATCH VOICE One Adam Ten, do you copy and send the message to Roger on the radio.
Franco caught him in the elevator shaft, but he's in the shaft. The elevators are locked off. Karl should shut him in and return to base.
MCCLANE Whew... for a moment there I was worried.
FRANCO doesn't know what to say.
FRANCO Nothing. Karl will call the police.
THEO You bet your ass I will proceed.
POWELL Guard inside. There are no signs of disturbance.
HANS asks Eddie to call him.
EDDIE called CB. CB let him in.
EdDIE got an emergency call about a problem here.
MCCLANE wants to know where the cavalry is.
EDDIE had a false alarm. They were chasing bugs in the system since they installed it.
MCCLANE drop it or you're a rugstain. Marco will do it next time.
POWELL Sorry to water your time. Merry Christmas.
MCCLANE Oh, man, please, no
POWELL One Adam Ten had a wild goose chase on 436. He is at Nakatomi, under automatic rifle fire. He asks for backup and SWAT assistance.
MCCLANE Welcome to the party, pal.
THORNBURG will meet Mary and Wolfgang at the South gate in fifteen minutes. He will cut through the red tape to get a table for Wolfgang and himself.
Hans wants everyone to stay at their posts. He wants radio silence until further. He has the hostages and wants them to stay calm.
MCCLANE wants to go for Double Jeopardy. Hans doesn't want to go, but MCCLANe won't let him out of the house.
KARL, Hans and Theo are looking for Marco and Heinrich. Marco is thirty stories down on the street. Heinrich is upstairs upstairs. He had the detonators.
MCCLANE read Powell's text to CB. CB is Powell's friend.
POWELL, MCCLANE, FRANCO, Fritz and Uli are working on a hostage situation on the 30th floor. They are waiting for the FBI to arrive. There are thirty or so hostages on the30th floor, with probably 2 or 3 guards to cover a group that size. They have machine guns and sidearms up the yin yang. One of them had a big enough chunck of plastic explosive to orbit Kate Smith. The hostage-
Sergeant Al Powell has been talking to the hostages. Dwayne Robinson has killed one of the terrorists and capped two others. He might be a cop. A pregnant woman is due in two weeks. He will take her to one of their offices.
There are 30 hostages in the building. There is a body that fell out of the window. There are no ransom demands. Powell is going in.
RIVERS and MITCHELL are in position. The four assholes are coming in the rear in standard 2 X 2 cover formation.
MCCLANE doesn't want to go to the meeting.
ROBINSON, POWELL, MITCHELL and HANS are worried about a panic fire. They are shooting at the lights.
MITCHELL wants you to send her a message by car.
THEO Well, what have we here. The police have got themselves an R.V. from James, Alexander, southeast corner.
ALEXANDER has them. He will give them to Hans.
HANS hit it again. MCCLANE tells him to stop.
MITCHELL is on the radio, telling Rivers and Rodriguiz to get out of Rivers' place.
MCCLANE Geronimo's motherfuckers.
WILLIAM Oh, Jesus...
THORNBURG is being attacked by artillery on Channel Four. It's him.
MCCLANE wants to know if Al and the guys in the car made it.
POWELL is safe and sound, but the building is going to need a paint job and screen doors. Dwayne T. Robinson, Deputy Chief of Police, is in charge of this situation.
ARGYLE Tell 'em, Mr. Mac.
Hans Gruber is a member of the radical West German Volksfrei movement. Gruber has been expelled from the organization and is operating on his own.
ELLIS' VOICE tells John to tell the police where the detonators are. MCCLANE and Ellis are trying to convince John to give them what they want and save Ellis' friend.
HANS wants to know where are his detonators. MCCLANE tells him to fuck himself.
The hostages are to be released from their captors. They will be taken to the roof of the building and flown to Los Angeles International Airport.
GAIL is the author of a book 'Hostage/Terrorist, Terrorist/Hostage, a Study in Duality'. Dr. HASSELDORF says that in the next few hours the hostages and their captors should be entering the early stages of the Helsinki Syndrome.
HASSELDORF is talking to Hans over Hans' TV.
There is a hostage situation on the 30th floor of a building. There are thirty, maybe thirty-five hostages. There is a man who gave the FBI information about John McClane.
HASSELDORF and his team broke through on Number Six. They found McClane's name, badge number, police record, vital statistics and his family's address.
POWELL wants to stay in Philadelphia, but MCCLANE would rather be in Philadelphia. He shot a kid 11 years ago.
The FBI ordered the city engineers to cut the street circuits and the building's power.
GUY IN MANHOLE We're spliced in down the line. The FBI is running the terrorist playbook.
LITTLE JOHNSON wants to shut down the building. The State Department has arranged for the release of your comrades. The helicopters are on their way and will take off in five minutes.
POWELL will look up John's wife. MCCLANE wants him to tell her that he's sorry he's been a jerk to her. Paulina will check something out.
POWELL, the policeman, is moving to a new channel. The terrorists are coming. They are going to take the hostages.
Hans is supervising the work. He will nail him. Karl and Uli are up there.
MCCLANE, ARGYLE, HANS, HOLLY, Eddie, McClane, Eddie and Holly are discussing a robbery.
MCCLANE It's okay, babe. It's a warranty.
MCCLANE, Al and Holly Gennero are meeting for a debriefing.
