As the conversation continues we see: A MAID clean an expansive living room, waxing a mahogany table. A BUTLER open sliding doors to an empty grand sitting room. An overhead shot shows a SERVANT carrying packages up a long winding staircase.
And right on cue, we see for the first time -- ROBERT MILLER sitting on a sofa across from MARIA BARTIROMO and a camera crew, mid-interview. ELLEN MILLER (58) watches on a nearby MONITOR. A plane is flying through the sky at 550 MPH.
A sleek, slate-gray cabin, divided into three seating areas. Five AIDES DE CAMP chatter in hushed tones. Robert sits alone in his private area facing the cockpit, scribbling his own red-ink across a stack of documents. GAVIN BRIAR, 42, brings him a coffee. Robert sips it.
The ROAR of thirty million dollars landing near tall grass was heard.
Robert walks down the passenger steps onto the tarmac, followed by Gavin and the aides. They approach a waiting MERCEDES MAYBACH. The aides hand over BOXES and BRIEFCASES to the Hispanic driver, RAMON, who loads them into the trunk.
The blur of city lights as the limo passes over bridges and goes towards Park Avenue.
An enormous turn-of-the-last-century Stanford-White-designed red-brick MANSION. Robert and Gavin are going inside.
It's our first glimpse of Robert's home, and it doesn't disappoint. It's an 1850's Tudor given a full once-over, maintaining period details but updated with a Modernist flair. A SERVANT takes Robert's briefcase from him as he enters, handing him three small presents which he puts under his arm. There's a dinner party going on in the home.
A party for Robert's birthday is taking place at Goldenrod. It's Ellen's, Robert's, Brooke's, Peter's, Tom's, Anne's and Brooke's. Ellen is playing with one of Robert's kids. Robert brings birthday presents for the kids.
A warm, clubby room, kept traditional. Robert, Brooke and Peter are having a conference in the room. Brooke's son, Peter, has a copy of "Forbes" magazine pinned up. Robert and Brooke are having drinks. Brooke wants to have more "you's" around. Brooke and Robert lost the Firestone bid.
Ellen is supervising the yawning children at the party. She sees Robert put on his OVERCOAT. He is going to the office. He will be back as soon as he can. He hasn't given Ellen her birthday present yet.
A TAXI stops in front of a large frosted-glass apartment. Robert exits and pays the driver through the window. Robert will call Chris Vogler at Fremaut to see him right away.
JULIE CÔTE (32) sits at the head of a marble table in the exquisite space. It's the modern mirror of Robert's mansion. She's writing personal notes on a stack of invitations for the "Julie Côte Gallery - Paintings by Victor and Rodriguez - April 10th" as she downs the last of a WHITE WINE. She has a seating chart out that she's working on. Robert's face is on the video monitor.
Robert waits in the cold, staring into the camera as Julie watches him from inside the loft.
Julie made a birthday cake for Robert. He will come to the party.
Robert enters the palatial quarters. As we'll see soon, it's a stark contrast to his functional empire. He follows a striking British RECEPTIONIST down a long hallway to a glass conference room.
The receptionist escorts Robert in. Standing to greet him is JEFFREY GREENBERG (53), handsome and charming. Robert will get his money and his fee soon. The money and fee are going to be sent to him by tomorrow.
Off Robert as he storms the pavement.
Robert and Julie are meeting Gavin at the Four Seasons tonight at 7.30.
Ellen stands tying Robert's TIE in front of a dressing mirror. They are going to go to Goldenrod for a meeting, but they haven't signed the papers yet.
Robert and Gavin ride together, both shuffling papers.
Robert trails Gavin up the stairs as he types out a TEXT MESSAGE to Julie. The MAITRE'D spots Robert and greets him as he approaches.
Where we see Brooke and Peter seated with a group of EXECUTIVES including AIMES (45), and BARNES (43). Mr. Miller, Robert, Gavin, and Jim are getting to know each other. They are going to talk about their operations.
The execs are still chattering. Robert silences them. He's been here for nearly two hours. Mr. Mayfield has been detained. He has been sent a text message by AIMES.
Brooke has found some strange entries in the "Old Hill" books. She will come by about eleven tomorrow to find out what happened to Mayfield.
Robert exits his MAYBACH in front of a big scene in progress: trendy people overflowing into the street, cameras flashing.
The space is cavernous, modern luxe -- a Liagre design with    يــوـریـنیکینگرێ and thirty-foot columns and slab granite. The ART COLLECTION on display is beautiful. Everyone loves them. Julie is in the back of the party.
Julie is bumping two rails of COCAINE.
Julie is talking to a group of people. One of the group is a DASHING young man. Robert Miller, one of the collectors, is flirting with her. Julie tells him to go away. Robert wants to talk to Julie about the paintings he bought.
Robert is in bed with Ellen who is asleep. He gets up and goes to the bathroom.
He approaches the basement level carrying a folder of papers. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 23.
And sits at the counter, staring at a REPORT. He refills a glass of Scotch.
Julie's a touch worn from the evening. She sits with five guests including her gallery, her assistant, the young man from earlier, the HANDSOME YOUNG MAN from earlier and two guys who look like painters.
Julie is on the phone with Robert. He's in her bedroom. He wants her to get all the guests out of the room.
The guests finally leave. Julie goes to the bedroom.
Julie is angry at Robert for not showing up to help her with a project. He bought the paintings.
A MERCEDES 450 SEL is driving on the interstate towards Connecticut. Julie and Robert are sleeping next to each other. Billie Holiday sings her 1959 song "Just One More Chance". Robert is nodding off.
Reality -- as the car drifts into the CENTER MEDIAN where the tire catches on a small metal SCRAP and blows out.
Robert's eyes flutter open as he comes to, groggy. He starts to feel his body. He's badly injured, but breathing. Julie is dead. There's a gas leak. Robert calls 911. He tries to open the door, but it's stuck.
He drags himself out of the car. Stands. He looks at Julie. He reaches out to touch her. He SCREAMS. He sinks to his knees, putting his head in his bloody hands. He starts hiking.
Robert walks and walks through tall grass. In the distance behind him, there is a huge explosion.
Robert cleans himself up in the sink, applying soap and water to his cut stomach. He takes all the paper towels and puts them in his pocket.
Robert picks up a PAYPHONE by the bathrooms, cradling it to    his ear with his sleeve and dialing with his other finger through his shirt fiber. He wants to collect money.
POLICE CARS flash lights. INVESTIGATORS sift through rubble. An EMT unloads Julie's charred body into a body bag. Bryer gets out of the car. He and MILLS argue about who kicked out the car's door.
About twenty yards down the road, a BLACK SUV hums, waiting. Robert gets in.
Inside is JIMMY GRANT, 23, and ROBERT, a 23-year-old man. Jimmy wants to give Robert a ride to Goldenrod, but Robert is not there. He is at home.
The SUV stops a few blocks from Robert's house. Robert and Jimmy will not talk for a while. Robert will call Jimmy back.
Robert enters the basement. He runs into a security monitoring room. He pulls DISCS out of the VIDEO RECORDERS.
Robert stands in front of a bin marked INCINERATOR. He is wearing a new T-shirt and pants. He places all of his bloodied clothes and the video discs into the incinerator. He sets the items on fire and closes the hopper.
Robert quietly undresses, leaving on the white UNDERSHIRT. Then he gets into bed and stares at the ceiling. He winces and presses at his rib. He went to eat some ice cream. He will take his Lipitor in the morning.
SYD FELDER (64) sits next to Robert. They discuss the Goldenrod explosion that happened on 4.17.11. Robert would be in trouble if he was involved in a merger.
We follow CHRIS VOGLER (52) through the busy lobby out to the street. He gets into Robert's limo.
Robert opens the Percocet bottle, downs four PILLS. Chris exits. On Friday, the audit requirements for private funds will be extended for five years. Chris was asked to go through every one of Standard's trading books and reconfirm their assets. He cleared the audit.
We track through a Spartanly-furnished trading office: high-
Brooke sits across from Robert. They're reviewing papers. There's a four hundred million dollar hole in the "Old Hill" Fund's balance sheet.
Det. Bryer enters the glass doors and badges the   RECEPTIONIST. Cindy was hoping to see Mr. Miller.
Half of the fund's assets are missing. Robert will look into it. Mom wants to know about the hospital check. Brooke and Robert will pick it up later.
As Brooke exits, she and Bryer cross paths. Bryer doesn't look familiar.
Robert leads Bryer towards two sofas where they sit opposite each other. Robert met her last night at the gallery. He was an investor in her gallery. Robert's wife and Bryer have a foundation.
Ellen Miller's office is a serene khaki suite with high-post windows and white upholstered furniture. On the walls are gala posters from various charity events. MAE (30s) sits at a reception desk typing. The phone RINGS.
Ellen's standing, cradling the phone and packing her handbag. There's a Detective Bryer in the lobby. He wants to talk to her. She will send a thank you note to Zappos for their generosity.
Ellen exits the building, passes the doorman and then Bryer, who is waiting in his car outside the multi-unit townhouse where she keeps her office. She doesn't notice him as she passes and enters a TOWNCAR. Bryer called her office and wants to talk to her about her husband.
Ellen is in a bad mood.
A FORENSICS TEAM sweeps the apartment, collecting fingerprints, rug samples, etc. Mills supervises from the side. Bryer is at the crash site. He didn't pick up the call from the pay phone, because his wife blew him off. He's a billionaire.
Robert is heading down the hall towards the elevators. He will pick up the expenses for Julie's mom who's flying in today.
PEDESTRIANS hurry by this busy stretch of Upper Manhattan on their way to work.
Bryer and Mills wait for Jimmy on the sidewalk and flash him.
MILLS wants Jimmy to get into the car. Jimmy will join him. Jimmy is under arrest.
Jimmy sits across the table from Mills and Bryer. They show him PHOTOS of Julie's burned body at the crash site. Bryer wants to talk to his lawyer. Jimmy doesn't understand the gravity of the situation.
Robert rides with Syd. He reviews a DOCUMENT entitled "MAPLE LANE TRUST - James L. Grant - Beneficiary. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 52.11. Robert signs the document, closing the folder. Earl Monroe called in Earl Monroe, a civil rights attorney. Jimmy is a basketball player.
Jimmy stands at the counter as EARL MONROE (50s, Black) signs    the papers. Bryer waits for him. Jimmy ignores him and exits with Earl.
Jimmy and Earl exit the buidling. Earl will call Jimmy tomorrow if there's any news.
ROBERT wants Jimmy to go with him to a party. Jimmy refuses. Jimmy's son, Syd, will drive him there.
Syd steps out of the limo and watches as it rolls away up Tenth Avenue.
JIMMY wants to know why Robert didn't stay at Goldenrod. Robert has responsibilities and other people rely on him. He set up a trust in Jimmy's name of $2 Million dollars.
Brooke sits alone in the accountant's office. Ben put his arm on her shoulder to stop her from leaving. Brooke is looking at the spreadsheets on his computer. She's looking at an entry on the screen: Miller Capital Management - PETER MILLER GROUP - $68.3MM. Brooke will talk to Peter about it later.
Bryer and Mills sit with Flores as he stares at a SHEET. Flores has been convicted of gun possession. His parents are dead. His father worked for Miller Capital for twenty years. He was a driver.
Robert storms the hallway, passing a waiting SECRETARY. Mr. Miller is on a call right now.
Robert enters, locking the door behind him. Chris can't understand what is going on. The audit passed a week ago.
Robert exits the building with what looks to be, for the    for the first time in the film, a real smile. He walks to his limo and calls Sherry Netherland. He has a talk with Mr. Mayfield.
Bryer walks with DEFERLITO (48), who rifles through a FOLDER. The warrant doesn't need to hold. It just needs to scare Judge Rittenband into giving up Miller. Deferlito is getting a piece of new evidence.
Robert enters, moving much slower. Brooke is waiting for him. Cindy is upset. They didn't have a meeting.
Brooke is at the window in a chair. She has two copies of the "Old Old Hill Fund" balance sheets. Robert approaches her.
Brooke and Robert are crossing 5th Avenue towards Central Park.
They walk solemnly towards a park bench in front of a lake. Robert is going to sell a copper mine to Brooke. Brooke is angry with him because he cheated him.
Jimmy approaches the building. Bryer exits his sedan and asks him to take a ride with him to the station. Jimmy decides to take Bryer's car.
They drive a while in silence, BRYER is going to ask for fifteen years in prison for obstruction of justice. Jimmy is not going to make any more statements. The grand jury hears the case in court tomorrow.
It's nearly empty. Ramon, the limo driver, plays Solitaire at  a COMPUTER. Robert sits with Syd in the next room. Ellen met with Gil Deuchman, the estate lawyer. Robert is packing.
Earl Monroe sits next to Jimmy in the witness box before 23 GRAND JURORS. The prosecutor, DeFerlito, asks questions. Earl Monroe whispers in Jimmy's ear. Jimmy received a phone call on 4.17.11. It was a wrong number. The phone call was made on the early morning of April 11th. Mr. Grant lied to the prosecutor about the date and time of the call. He is going to introduce into evidence a photograph of a toll booth
Jimmy bursts out of the courtroom doors trailed by Earl. Bryer sits down next to them. They are going to make a late night sale. Jimmy wants to talk to his client.
Julie's mom, Sandrine, is thanking Robert for what he did for her daughter, Julie. Julie was happy.
Brooke is running on a treadmill. Ellen exercises on a STAIRMASTER next to her. Brooke has some issues with the machine. Ellen is going to pick up Brooke's belongings from the hospital.
JAMES MAYFIELD (50s) waits alone at a table. Robert enters. They shake hands, then sit. Mayfield is angry at Robert for sending people to his office to do business. Robert wants to buy 18 million dollars from him, but he doesn't have the money. MayFIELD has a profitable business.
Peter, Gavin, and many of the various STAFF we have met are gathered around a long conference table. Robert is announcing the sale of Goldenrod to the STAFF. They will get new business cards. Mayfield came around and Robert met his price. Robert will see most of them at the gala tomorrow night.
Robert heads through a dark service entrance towards a buzzer, then down a long hallway.
Reina, Jimmy's girlfriend (24, Hispanic) stands at the door with Robert and Jimmy. Robert will take a drink of water from the tap. Jimmy will get some milk from the kitchen. Jimmy and Robert are going to Goldenrod, Virginia.
The limo drives down Fifth Avenue. Robert is on the phone with SYD (O.S.) and the toll authority. He didn't take the toll. They gave the tape to the cops. Robert will go to the DA to start the case.
He enters the foyer and ascends the steps to his bedroom._sent_trans_cons_label_2.
It's 8:34 PM and Glen is waiting for Ellen. Mrs. Miller didn't say where Ellen was going tonight. He will try to reach her on her phone. Syd will call Earl and tell him to get his car and meet at his house in twenty minutes.
A steady stream of CARS passes through the toll. We follow a blue Lexus.
Earl Monroe pays the TOLL CLERK through the window, getting a toll receipt. Then he pulls his car to the side of the road, parking at a building labelled "Port Authority - Administration." He opens a laptop on the passenger seat and types numbers from the toll receipt into a little box on the screen. A portable printer spits out pages. Earl stamps them with a NOTARY.
Earl waits at the front desk of the drab government office. He's executing a criminal evidence request. Brent Owens, the night supervisor, approaches him with some papers. Earl wants to look at one of the lane tapes. Brent is confused.
Robert and Syd stare at Jimmy's car. The lines around the license plate of Jimmy's and the lines on the plate of Earl's car are the same ones they used at the indictment. Earl has a photo of his car from a toll camera.
Earl sits across from DA Deferlito and Bryer. They have some issues regarding the chain-of-custody. RITTENBAND is going to meet with the evidence in the next hour.
Mills waits on a nearby bench, watching as Bryer exits the chambers. Bryer is on the phone with Mrs. Miller. DeFerlito walks up to Bryer and grabs him, but Bryer fights him off. Mills approaches Bryer, who waves him away.
Robert and Jimmy sit. Jimmy is going to take Robert's money and do something good with it.
Ellen is dressed in a full BALL GOWN. She sits on the sofa. Robert is changing into a TUXEDO. He doesn't want to get there too soon. Ellen tells him to come. She hits him with a newspaper. It's the Post article chronicling Julie's death.
The car rides up Madison Avenue. Mayfield marks up a bunch of memos in a leather-bound folder. An aide we met earlier, JOHN JOHN Aimes, sits nearby. Aimes had Stern Marling run a secondary audit on the Miller financials. The audit found no way to substantiate a recent capital transfer of $412,000.
They arrive at the Plaza Hotel and exit.
We see throngs of the wealthy ascend the steps leading up to the opulent hall of Mt. Sinai Hospital - Miller Oncology Center. Lining the walls are plaques for the hospital.
